docs/requirements.md, before:

# Requirements

## Must Have

- [ ] Import data from SkyTube
   - [x] Application consumes archive made by SkyTube and imports bookmarks stored.
   - [x] Import process is "addition only": existing bookmarks identified by url are not modified or deleted. Only those bookmarks, that do not exist in TubeManager, are imported.
   - [ ] User can see a summary of the import process: how many bookmarks were present, how many of them have been imported etc.
- [ ] Archive import
   - [x] User can import bookmarks
   - [ ] User can import channels
- [ ] Manage data
   - [ ] Each bookmark might be assigned to single category.
   - [ ] User can assign many tags to single bookmark.
   - [ ] The same tag might be assigned to many bookmarks.
   - [ ] User can add single bookmark manually
- [ ] Display
   - [x] Bookmarks are displayed as cards with: thumbnail, title and part of the description
   - [x] Bookmarks are shown on pages
   - [x] User can set a number of bookmarks per page
   - [x] User can play a video in embedded player after clicking video thumbnail

## Good to Have

- [ ] Category management
   - [ ] All bookmarks belongs to category "Default". This category cannot be deleted.
   - [ ] User can list all bookmarks assigned to the category.
   - [ ] Categories different than "Default" can be added/modified/deleted.
   - [ ] Category might be empty (no bookmarks assigned).
- [ ] Tag management
   - [ ] Single bookmark might be assinged with no tags at all
   - [ ] Tag might be assigned to multiple bookmarks.
   - [ ] Tags can be added/modified/deleted.
   - [ ] There is no default tag for each new bookmark.
- [ ] Channel management
   - [ ] Information about subscribed channels can be extracted from SkyTube archive. This information should be presented in a similiar way as bookmarks.
   - [ ] Bookmark can be assigned to a channel.
- [ ] Playlists
   - [ ] User can define it's own playlist.
   - [ ] If this is possible, interface should allow to play video (embedded player). Otherwise, respective link should be opened.

## Ideas to explore

1. Categories might form a tree (category assigned to a different category).
2. Tags can be assigned to bookmark or channel.
3. Adding multiple bookmarks to the category.
4. Adding multiple tags to the bookmark.

Commit message:

Day 62/100 docs
Added requirements for Tags

docs/requirements.md, after:

# Requirements

## Must Have

- [ ] Import data from SkyTube
   - [x] Application consumes archive made by SkyTube and imports bookmarks stored.
   - [x] Import process is "addition only": existing bookmarks identified by url are not modified or deleted. Only those bookmarks, that do not exist in TubeManager, are imported.
   - [ ] User can see a summary of the import process: how many bookmarks were present, how many of them have been imported etc.
- [ ] Archive import
   - [x] User can import bookmarks
   - [ ] User can import channels
- [ ] Manage data
   - [ ] Each bookmark might be assigned to single category.
   - [ ] User can assign many tags to single bookmark.
   - [ ] The same tag might be assigned to many bookmarks.
   - [ ] User can add single bookmark manually
- [ ] Display
   - [x] Bookmarks are displayed as cards with: thumbnail, title and part of the description
   - [x] Bookmarks are shown on pages
   - [x] User can set a number of bookmarks per page
   - [x] User can play a video in embedded player after clicking video thumbnail
- [ ] Tags
  - [ ] User can list all existing tags
  - [ ] User can assign multiple tags to the bookmark

## Good to Have

- [ ] Category management
   - [ ] All bookmarks belongs to category "Default". This category cannot be deleted.
   - [ ] User can list all bookmarks assigned to the category.
   - [ ] Categories different than "Default" can be added/modified/deleted.
   - [ ] Category might be empty (no bookmarks assigned).
- [ ] Tag management
   - [ ] Single bookmark might be assinged with no tags at all
   - [ ] Tag might be assigned to multiple bookmarks.
   - [ ] Tags can be added/modified/deleted.
   - [ ] There is no default tag for each new bookmark.
- [ ] Channel management
   - [ ] Information about subscribed channels can be extracted from SkyTube archive. This information should be presented in a similiar way as bookmarks.
   - [ ] Bookmark can be assigned to a channel.
- [ ] Playlists
   - [ ] User can define it's own playlist.
   - [ ] If this is possible, interface should allow to play video (embedded player). Otherwise, respective link should be opened.

## Ideas to explore

1. Categories might form a tree (category assigned to a different category).
2. Tags can be assigned to bookmark or channel.
3. Adding multiple bookmarks to the category.
4. Adding multiple tags to the bookmark.
